The comedian and actress has memorably taken on body shamers on more than one occasion.
When the advert for her film Trainwreck was released in 2015, one critic referred to her as a new member of director Judd Apatow's "Funny-Chubby Community".
Posting a photo of herself almost naked on Twitter, Schumer wrote: "I am a size 6 and have no plans of changing. This is it. Stay on or get off. Kisses!"
There was more to come.
At the end of 2016, she responded to social media "fat shamers" who questioned whether she was an appropriate choice to play Barbie in a forthcoming film.
Alongside a photo of herself in a swimsuit, she said she was honoured to be considered to play "an important and evolving icon".
"Is it fat shaming if you know you're not fat and have zero shame in your game?" she asked.
"I don't think so. I am strong and proud of how I live my life and say what I mean and fight for what I believe in and I have a blast doing it with the people I love.
"Where's the shame? It's not there. It's an illusion. When I look in the mirror I know who I am."
(Schumer has since left the Barbie project over a scheduling conflict.)Back in 2013, Jennifer Lawrence said she thought "it should be illegal to call someone fat on TV" after red carpet criticism of her own figure.
Speaking to US host Barbara Walters, The Hunger Games star said she was worried about how the media's attitude affected young people.
"The media needs to take responsibility for the effect that it has on our younger generation, on these girls who are watching these television shows, and picking up how to talk and how to be cool," Lawrence said.
She added: "I mean, if we're regulating cigarettes and sex and cuss words, because of the effect they have on our younger generation, why aren't we regulating things like calling people fat?"
The actress, who won an Oscar for her performance in Silver Linings Playbook, had previously spoken out against gossip magazines and TV shows which criticise the way women look.
She told the December 2012 issue of Elle magazine that "in Hollywood, I'm obese. I'm considered a fat actress".