From a monastery rooftop just outside Jerusalem's ancient walls there is a spectacular view of the Dome of the Rock, rising in gold above the Old City.
The author Meir Shalev was brought to this spot as a boy to look across at the Western Wall - which at the time could not be accessed by Israelis.
He would gaze at the top few bricks of this holy Jewish site while his father told him: "You will grow up, you will become a soldier and you will fight over this city."
At the time Jerusalem was divided between Israeli and Jordanian control.
It followed the 1949 armistice that divided the new Jewish state of Israel from other parts of what had been British Mandate Palestine.
For Meir Shalev's father, a well-known Israeli poet, the exclusion of Jews from their holiest sites represented a tragedy for his people.
The outbreak of war on 5 June 1967 would change many lives - and reshape that part of the Middle East.
Occupation legacy
Israel launched a pre-emptive attack on Egypt and battled Jordanian and Syrian forces the same day.
Mr Shalev was about to turn 19 - the age of his country at the time - and remembers a national mood of panic before the conflict.
"People were talking about the possibility of Israel being destroyed and us being exiled or killed," he says.
"We were very eager to fight," he remembers. "We thought: 'This is our chance'."Mr Shalev found himself in action against Syrian troops on the Golan heights during a series of battles that would lead to Israel's capture of that territory.
But it was the occupation of the West Bank that he believes consumed Israel's energy - something he says it has had to "deal with" ever since its victory in 1967.
He recalls how after the war he told his father in a heated confrontation: "We took a bite we will suffocate on."
Other Israelis saw a divine purpose in the fighting to bring a return to their biblical Jewish lands.
'A miracle'
In Jerusalem, the conflict saw Israeli troops involved in close quarters fighting with Jordanians.
Another young soldier, Yoel Ben Nun, was being transported to a checkpoint that separated control of the city.