North Korea frightens the world with its missile tests and threats of pre-emptive nuclear strikes. This is precisely why a British student thinks it's time to try making friends with North Koreans - the people who live there - or at least to get to know them better, writes the BBC's Eleanor Dunn.
"We're so quick to label North Korea as 'forbidden', 'closed', 'crazy', 'suffering' - but I want to take away that barrier we've created, just for a minute, and shed light on North Korea at a human level," says 24-year-old Benjamin Griffin.
Before his first visit four years ago his knowledge of the country had been limited to "one documentary and some YouTube clips". So the package holiday with Juche Travel Services (JTS), an officially approved tourism agency, was an eye-opener.
"When I first saw Pyongyang in 2013, I was expecting an army of soldiers everywhere I went. It was as if I hadn't seen them as real people," he says.
In fact he saw people walking to work, shopping, eating, dancing in the park. Somehow normal life seemed surprising.
"The truth is, in the everyday life of a Pyongyang citizen, they're not worried about how best to defeat US imperialism or how evil capitalism is. They care about, 'Where am I going to go shopping today? Where am I in my job? Is my daughter going to get married?'"
The following year, as a 21-year-old, he went back to volunteer as an English teacher at Pyongyang's tourism college.Later he became a qualified JTS tour guide himself and has now created a no-frills "study tour" for people of any age or nationality to spend three weeks at Kim Il-sung university in July.
Participants will sleep in university dormitories and study Korean language for four hours per day. The rest of the time they will go on guided sightseeing tours, and take part in activities such as swimming, folk dancing and five-a-side football, when there will be a chance to meet North Koreans - albeit North Koreans carefully screened and chosen for this role.
"We should absolutely not forgive the glaring problems of North Korea, but we need some base level of mutual understanding. Educational tourism is a step towards that.
"I don't want to stop being critical but it's also vital to find what the country's core is, and what people value there.
"Of course the politics exists - they have nuclear tests, unthinkable human rights abuses - but it's important to focus on human-to-human interactions. There's so much to be said for that exchange of information, however it happens."
